Say three years ago
The wife had a brief relationship with Dongfang Run
After the breakup
And she was hospitalized for grief.
Yao Mingxuan and Liu Xin did fall in love
Liu Xin was not yet 18 years old when the two had sex
So they've been entangled all these years
He had amnesia.
So forget that memory
Sister, I think this Yao Mingxuan
It's not as simple as you think.
He must have kept a lot of secrets from you
Don't you forget.
I told you about those terrible cases of fraudulent marriage.
You must be careful!
Okay, got it, hang up
What's the matter?
Even my husband doesn't know
Isn't there a lot you didn't tell me?
Can't find a wild man?
Got into a fight
No, we are very in love
Okay, very good.
I think let's go home first and talk things through
Go go go
See you.
Look at the head of the bed between this couple
Where did the overnight bed come from?
Don't eat
It seems that you want to go out with your Xi in the middle of the night
Second sister, let's have supper
It seems that you want to be with your brother Dongfang Run
The lotus root is broken
It seems that you don't want to have a good chat
I don't want to talk to you, stop